you always wanted to be fit but can't
seem to get started are you still
exercising using outdated machines and
wannabe gadgets well stop suffering with
those machines that hurt rather than
help you get this fabulously toned body
and those stunning ABS only with the app
tonit think the most important thing
about this is the confidence when like
when I start to feel result in I start
to lose weight and I and my abs are tone
I have I have so much more confidence I
have problems of my lower back that kept
me from exercising for a long time but
he had torn it it's just not a problem
when Ricky first told me about the ab
tonit product at first I was a little
skeptical I mean how could something so
simple he's so versatile at the same
time I go to shot and man it blew me
away I was totally impressed I could not
believe at how many exercises I could do
with this one simple product it was
amazing it really is an all-in-one
product stay tuned and see the extreme
test yes Ricky will attempt to roll over
the ab doughnut with a four and a half
ton car will it pass this test and Harry
a 220-pound heavy student who hates
workout in the test you will try to make
20 crunches on the spot will it be
possible stay tuned and find out by
yourself now welcome out good trained
and certified personal trainers with
Dora and Miguel
hi welcome to the app donut house now if
you remember Ricky has gathered these
individuals from the mall and brought
them here to the beautiful sun valley
piece for the seven-day ab ponent
workout broke let's go it's a great
enthusiasm of these regular folks of
embrace a seven-day program the daughter
started the program with some stretching
exercises while Miguel spoke about
having a balanced diet of carbohydrate
for the first few days with daughter let
our volunteers through some basic
exercises though the bat crunch which
strengthens your lower back muscles and
the ibly crunch which reduces the
chances of back pain and positive
problems they then moved on to the
advanced exercises which you can follow
in your workout DVD lug push ups which
targets your torso and choices stomach
crunches which works on your abs as well
as strengthens your lower back and
choice that training which targets not
only our arms but also your upper abs as
well did the appt Tony deliver what it
promised let's find out why her them
safe at two flat I was gonna cause like
okay what's the catch but there is no
catch I mean I used it you know I have
any more fair thank you